# Câu 1: The following sequence is a fibonacci sequence:0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21,…..Which technique can be used to get the nth fibonacci term?

- ```
  Recursion
  ```

- ```
  Dynamic programming
  ```

- ```
  A single for loop
  ```

* ```
  Recursion, Dynamic Programming, For loops
  ```

# Câu 2: Consider the recursive implementation to find the nth fibonacci number:

# Câu 3: What is the time complexity of the recursive implementation used to find the nth fibonacci term?

- ```
  O(1)
  ```

- ```
  O(n2)
  ```

- ```
  O(n!)
  ```

* ```
  Exponential
  ```

# Câu 4: Suppose we find the 8th term using the recursive implementation. The arguments passed to the function calls will be as follows:

# Câu 5: What is the output of the following program?

# Câu 6: What is the space complexity of the recursive implementation used to find the nth fibonacci term?

* ```
  O(1)
  ```

- ```
  O(n)
  ```

- ```
  O(n2)
  ```

- ```
  O(n3)
  ```

# Câu 7: Consider the following code to find the nth fibonacci term:

# Câu 8: What is the time complexity of the following for loop method used to compute the nth fibonacci term?

# Câu 9: What is the space complexity of the following for loop method used to compute the nth fibonacci term?

# Câu 10: What will be the output when the following code is executed?

# Câu 11: Consider the following code to find the nth fibonacci term using dynamic programming:

# Câu 12: Consider the following code to find the nth fibonacci term using dynamic programming:

# Câu 13: What is the time complexity of the following dynamic programming implementation used to compute the nth fibonacci term?

# Câu 14: What is the space complexity of the following dynamic programming implementation used to compute the nth fibonacci term?

# Câu 15: What will be the output when the following code is executed?

