# Branch and bound is a __________

* problem solving technique

- data structure

- sorting algorithm

- type of tree

# Which of the following is not a branch and bound strategy to generate branches?

- LIFO branch and bound

- FIFO branch and bound

- Lowest cost branch and bound

* Highest cost branch and bound

# Which data structure is used for implementing a LIFO branch and bound strategy?

* stack

- queue

- array

- linked list

# Which data structure is used for implementing a FIFO branch and bound strategy?

- stack

* queue

- array

- linked list

# Which data structure is most suitable for implementing best first branch and bound strategy?

- stack

- queue

* priority queue

- linked list

# Which of the following branch and bound strategy leads to breadth first search?

- LIFO branch and bound

* FIFO branch and bound

- Lowest cost branch and bound

- Highest cost branch and bound

# Which of the following branch and bound strategy leads to depth first search?

* LIFO branch and bound

- FIFO branch and bound

- Lowest cost branch and bound

- Highest cost branch and bound

# Both FIFO branch and bound strategy and backtracking leads to depth first search.

- true

* false

# Both LIFO branch and bound strategy and backtracking leads to depth first search.

* true

- false

# Choose the correct statement from the following.

- branch and bound is more efficient than backtracking

- branch and bound is not suitable where a greedy algorithm is not applicable

* branch and bound divides a problem into at least 2 new restricted sub problems

- backtracking divides a problem into at least 2 new restricted sub problems

# Which of the following can traverse the state space tree only in DFS manner?

- branch and bound

- dynamic programming

- greedy algorithm

* backtracking

