# Câu 1: You are given infinite coins of denominations v1, v2, v3,…..,vn and a sum S. The coin change problem is to find the minimum number of coins required to get the sum S. This problem can be solved using ____________

- ```
  Greedy algorithm
  ```

* ```
  Dynamic programming
  ```

- ```
  Divide and conquer
  ```

- ```
  Backtracking
  ```

# Câu 2: Suppose you have coins of denominations 1, 3 and 4. You use a greedy algorithm, in which you choose the largest denomination coin which is not greater than the remaining sum. For which of the following sums, will the algorithm NOT produce an optimal answer?

- ```
  20
  ```

- ```
  12
  ```

* ```
  6
  ```

- ```
  5
  ```

# Câu 3: Suppose you have coins of denominations 1,3 and 4. You use a greedy algorithm, in which you choose the largest denomination coin which is not greater than the remaining sum. For which of the following sums, will the algorithm produce an optimal answer?

- ```
  14
  ```

- ```
  10
  ```

- ```
  6
  ```

* ```
  100
  ```

# Câu 4: Fill in the blank to complete the code.

# Câu 5: You are given infinite coins of N denominations v1, v2, v3,…..,vn and a sum S. The coin change problem is to find the minimum number of coins required to get the sum S. What is the time complexity of a dynamic programming implementation used to solve the coin change problem?

- ```
  O(N)
  ```

- ```
  O(S)
  ```

- ```
  O(N2)
  ```

* ```
  O(S*N)
  ```

# Câu 6: Suppose you are given infinite coins of N denominations v1, v2, v3,…..,vn and a sum S. The coin change problem is to find the minimum number of coins required to get the sum S. What is the space complexity of a dynamic programming implementation used to solve the coin change problem?

- ```
  O(N)
  ```

* ```
  O(S)
  ```

- ```
  O(N2)
  ```

- ```
  O(S*N)
  ```

# Câu 7: You are given infinite coins of denominations 1, 3, 4. What is the total number of ways in which a sum of 7 can be achieved using these coins if the order of the coins is not important?

- ```
  4
  ```

- ```
  3
  ```

* ```
  5
  ```

- ```
  6
  ```

# Câu 8: You are given infinite coins of denominations 1, 3, 4. What is the minimum number of coins required to achieve a sum of 7?

- ```
  1
  ```

* ```
  2
  ```

- ```
  3
  ```

- ```
  4
  ```

# Câu 9: You are given infinite coins of denominations 5, 7, 9. Which of the following sum CANNOT be achieved using these coins?

- ```
  50
  ```

- ```
  21
  ```

* ```
  13
  ```

- ```
  23
  ```

# Câu 10: You are given infinite coins of denominations 3, 5, 7. Which of the following sum CANNOT be achieved using these coins?

- ```
  15
  ```

- ```
  16
  ```

- ```
  17
  ```

* ```
  4
  ```

# Câu 11: What is the output of the following program?

# Câu 12: What is the output of the following program?

