# Which of the following is false in the case of a spanning tree of a graph G?

- It is tree that spans G

- It is a subgraph of the G

- It includes every vertex of the G

* It can be either cyclic or acyclic

# Every graph has only one minimum spanning tree.

- True

* False

# Consider a complete graph G with 4 vertices. The graph G has ____ spanning trees.

- 15

- 8

* 16

- 13

# The travelling salesman problem can be solved using _________

- A spanning tree

* A minimum spanning tree

- Bellman – Ford algorithm

- DFS traversal

# Consider the graph M with 3 vertices. Its adjacency matrix is shown below. Which of the following is true?

- Graph M has no minimum spanning tree

- Graph M has a unique minimum spanning trees of cost 2

* Graph M has 3 distinct minimum spanning trees, each of cost 2

- Graph M has 3 spanning trees of different costs

# Consider a undirected graph G with vertices { A, B, C, D, E}. In graph G, every edge has distinct weight. Edge CD is edge with minimum weight and edge AB is edge with maximum weight. Then, which of the following is false?

- Every minimum spanning tree of G must contain CD

- If AB is in a minimum spanning tree, then its removal must disconnect G

* No minimum spanning tree contains AB

- G has a unique minimum spanning tree

# If all the weights of the graph are positive, then the minimum spanning tree of the graph is a minimum cost subgraph.

* True

- False

# Consider the graph shown below. Which of the following are the edges in the MST of the given graph?

- (a-

* (c-

- (d-

- (d-

- (c-

- (a-

- (d-

- (d-e)

* (a-

- (d-

* (d-

- (d-e)

- (c-

- (a-

- (d-

* (d-

- (d-e)

# Which of the following is not the algorithm to find the minimum spanning tree of the given graph?

- Boruvka’s algorithm

- Prim’s algorithm

- Kruskal’s algorithm

* Bellman–Ford algorithm

# Which of the following is false?

- The spanning trees do not have any cycles

- MST have n – 1 edges if the graph has n edges

- Edge e belonging to a cut of the graph if has the weight smaller than any other edge in the same cut, then the edge e is present in all the MSTs of the graph

* Removing one edge from the spanning tree will not make the graph disconnected

